.TH POM 1 "January 2024" "pom 1.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
pom \- A feature-rich command-line Pomodoro timer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pom
[\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR]
.br
.B pom start
[\fB\-w\fR|\fB\-\-work\fR \fIDURATION\fR]
[\fB\-b\fR|\fB\-\-break\fR \fIDURATION\fR]
[\fB\-s\fR|\fB\-\-sessions\fR \fICOUNT\fR]
.br
.B pom stats
[\fB\-d\fR|\fB\-\-days\fR \fIDAYS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pom
is a command-line Pomodoro timer that helps you stay focused and productive using the Pomodoro Technique. It alternates focused work periods with short breaks, helping you maintain a healthy work rhythm.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display help information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Display version information and exit.
.SS "Start Command Options"
.TP
.BR \-w ", " \-\-work =\fIDURATION\fR
Set work period duration in minutes (default: 25).
.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-\-break =\fIDURATION\fR
Set break period duration in minutes (default: 5).
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-sessions =\fICOUNT\fR
Set number of work sessions (default: 4).
.SS "Stats Command Options"
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-days =\fIDAYS\fR
Show statistics for the last N days (default: 7).
.SH CONTROLS
During an active Pomodoro session:
.TP
.B p
Pause the current timer
.TP
.B r
Resume the paused timer
.TP
.B q
Quit the current session
.SH FEATURES
.IP \[bu] 2
Live countdown timer with concurrent execution
.IP \[bu]
Cross-platform notifications (desktop & sound)
.IP \[bu]
Pause/resume/quit functionality
.IP \[bu]
Session logging and statistics
.IP \[bu]
Color-coded terminal output
.IP \[bu]
Graceful interruption handling
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Start a standard Pomodoro session:
.B pom start
.TP
Custom work/break duration:
.B pom start -w 30 -b 10
.TP
View last 14 days of statistics:
.B pom stats -d 14
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/pom/config.json
User configuration file
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/pom/history.json
Session history and statistics
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at: https://github.com/flack/pom/issues
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Flack.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2024 Flack. License MIT. 